Fsd auto installing (#59)
OperationSpark/opspark: README.md

You're ready to roll!

Now, to begin working on our project, typically you will go into the directory of the project you just installed (for example, if you installed the _frabonacci_ project, you'll find it at `projects/frabonacci`), and open the file `index.html`.  Again, if you installed the **frabonacci** project, you'll open the `index.html` file at:

    projects/frabonacci/index.html

Have fun!

### Testing projects

Coming soon...

### Submitting projects

Coming soon...

### Shelving projects

Coming soon...

### Uninstalling projects

Coming soon...

### Pair Programming on Projects

Coming soon...

## Help

To see built-in help, you can always run the command:

    os -h

This will list commands and optional flags available to you in the `opspark` npm utility.

For more personable help, tug on the sleeve of one of your awesome Operation Spark developers teaching your bootcamp, or, contact us via our Slack chat group.  If you're not a member of our Slack group, please request an invitation via our website at <a href="operationspark.org">operationspark.org</a>.

## For Teachers and Developers

> If you have a Windows or Linux Subsystem use the command <npm run web-dev> as the postinstall script does not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## For dev setup

If you are running node on windows use the command <npm run windows-dev> as the postinstall script will throw an error. 

```

For more personable help, tug on the sleeve of one of your awesome Operation Spark developers teaching your bootcamp, or, contact us via our Slack chat group.  If you're not a member of our Slack group, please request an invitation via our website at <a href="operationspark.org">operationspark.org</a>.

## For Teachers and Developers

> If you are running node on Windows use the command <npm run web-dev> as the postinstall script does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running node on Windows use the command <npm run windows-dev> as the postinstall script does not

```

Reviewer: Is the script not `windows-dev`?
